 quick guide.

1) First you need an extra sound card. I would recommend a simple USB sound card.
I actually do not think that e-stim requires any very expensive sound card.
I use a small USB adapter sound card my self.
It is also shown in the PDF file which can be downloaded from github.
Remember that this second sound card is what you have to connect to you E-stim device.

2) install the program like all other windows programs.
You have to unzip file before you can install the program.
There is 2 files setup.exe and Setup_CHPlayerV3.msi. Press/execute setup.exe.
(You can check MD5 on both files before install just to be sure no change is made)

3) Once the program is installed, just start it.
In Windows 10, the program is always displayed in the start menu
under recently added at the top of the start menu.

4) Before you load any files you have to select the 2. sound card you have installed
This is shown under Audio Device at the top windows.
When you have loaded files this is gray out. If you have to change audio device you have to close the program
and start it again.

5) After starting the program and selected Audio Device, now select a Video file to play. Ex. MP4 Video file.
This is selected either with the first button at the top left.
It says "Select Video" when the mouse is held over the button.
You can also select the same in File - Open Video
Remember that when you select a Video file, it will automatically select the corresponding MP3 file in the same folder.
it is this selected MP3 Audio file that is then played via sound card number 2.

6) Or you can select another MP3 file with second bottom.
It says "Select Audio" when the mouse is held over the button.

7) Thats it. Now you can start playing the Video like all other video player.
There is a play bottom and stop / pause bottom etc.
At the top left you can se haw long the file you have select is. When you play it show
time on both Video and Audio to se it is in sync.
The last button with arrows in each direction is to activate full sreen

There is more help to be found in the Help Index in the programs help file.
or download the PDF file for more information.
